---
layout: post
title: "Quotes"
description: "This post contains words of wisdom told by great people."
category: motivational
tags: [personal growth]
imagefeature: cover9.jpg

---

## **Quotes**

**Les Brown** Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.

**Ralph Waldo Emerson** To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to
make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.

**Richard Feynman** The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and
you are the easiest person to fool.

What I cannot create, I do not understand.

For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public
relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.

**Benjamin Franklin** An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.

**Frank Ocean** — Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.

**Alexander Graham Bell:** Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand.
The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to focus.

**Sun Tzu:** It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you
will not be imperiled in a hundred battles; if you do not know your enemies but
do know yourself, you will win one and lose one; if you do not know your
enemies nor yourself, you will be imperiled in every single battle.

**Georges St. Pierre** The way you train reflects the way you fight. People say
I’m not going to train too hard, I’m going to do this in training, but when
it’s time to fight I’m going to step up. There is no step up. You’re just going
to do what you did every day.

**Walter Scott** Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep

**C S Lewis** You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start
where you are and change the ending.

**Shane Parrish** You get paid linearly for analyzing and solving problems. You
get paid non-linearly for spotting and seizing opportunities

**Albert Einstein** I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become
what I will be.

**Jeff Bezos** Complaining is a strategy. You have to work with the world as
you find it, not as you would have it be.

**Margaret Thatcher** Watch your thoughts, for they will become actions. Watch
your actions, for they’ll become habits. Watch your habits for they will forge
your character. Watch your character, for it will make your destiny.

**Socrates** Intelligent individuals learn from every thing and every one;
average people, from their experiences. The stupid already have all the
answers.

**Albert Einstein** No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a
single experiment can prove me wrong.

**Seneca** I will keep constant watch over myself and – most usefully – will
put each day up for review. Let us balance life’s books each day.

**Savielly Tartakower** Tactics is knowing what to do when there is something
to do; strategy is knowing what to do when there is nothing to do.

{: .notice}

---

